so once i get them to this point
a lot of times I like to hang
them up so I can work on a
little bit better
very little goes to waste wanted
to kind of take your time and
get it started pretty good and
you can pretty much just pull
straight down on
just drop them on the board the
way they grade these verses the
length from the nose here to the
base of the tail that's what you
get graded on so the longer it
is within reason the better
thing I like to do is once
they're on the board like this
just taking the lower legs
stretching them out your
distrust trying to expose the
flesh so it will dry out i'd
like to just tack them on gently
first final thing you do to go
stretcher here you stick that up
in there if you don't do that
the skin dry so tight that you
won't be able to get it off the
board
this allows you to have
something you can remove leaves
a little bit of slackness in the
first just needs to dry tonight
I want this to feel like paper
tomorrow morning probably come
in with a cup of coffee turn all
these Martin around and put them
back on the board let them dry
for a couple more days and then
they're ready for tanning and
making a habit out of if I can
take four and make something out
of it it has a much higher value
not only monetarily but
personally for me for I trap
today is going to keep me warm
for many years to come